docs: bridge api docs (#232)
agglayer/aggkit: docs/bridge_service.md

This paragraph explains a set of endpoints, that are necessary in order to conduct the bridge flow described above.

### Get bridges
Retrieves the bridge(s) for a specified network, supporting pagination. The bridges represent the `BridgeEvent` events emitted by the bridge contract.

#### Parameters

| **Name**           | **Type**    | **Description**                                             | **Required** | **Notes**                       |
|--------------------|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|---------------------------------|

> | `networkID`        | `uint32`    | ID of the network to fetch token mappings from.             | Yes          | `0` for L1(otherwise L2)        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `networkID`        | `uint32`    | ID of the network to fetch bridges from.             | Yes          | `0` for L1 (otherwise L2)        |
```

| `pageNumber`       | `*uint32`   | Page number for pagination (pointer to `uint32`).           | No           | Defaults if `nil`.              |
| `pageSize`         | `*uint32`   | Number of items per page (pointer to `uint32`).             | No           | Defaults if `nil`.              |

> | `depositCount`     | `*uint32`   | Query param for a specific Deposit Count (pointer to `uint32`).             | No           | Defaults if `nil`.              |

Reviewer: Please format the table (align the columns), based on the last row, which is the largest one.

Author: I checked the md. Things seemed to be aligned
![Uploading Screenshot 2025-02-24 at 7.19.59 PM.png…]()

Reviewer: I was referring to the markdown code, as it is easier to follow when everything is aligned and each row is a one-liner:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ba40d530-1d87-457b-b83a-878707911011)

---

#### Return value

Successful response (`BridgesResult`)

- `bridges`: Array of bridges (Bridge) with details:
  - `block_num`: Block number where the event was recorded.
  - `block_pos`: Position of the log within the block.
  - `block_timestamp`: Timestamp of the block.
  - `leaf_type`: Type of bridge (unspecified, asset, message).
  - `origin_network`: Network ID where the original token resides.
  - `origin_address`: Address of the original token on the origin network.
  - `destination_network`: Destination network where we are bridging to
  - `destination_address`: Destination address where we are bridging to
  - `amount`: Amount of the bridge
  - `metadata`: Additional encoded information.
  - `deposit_count`: Deposit count for the bridge
  - `tx_hash`: Hash of the transaction that triggered the event.

>   - `from_address`: Address which initiated the event.

Reviewer: It seems that the `bridge_hash` is missing from here.
